.. vim: syntax=rst

**End-User License Agreement (EULA)**

This End-User License Agreement (the “EULA”) is a legally binding
agreement between an individual or a single entity (the “User”, “you”,
and “your”) and the company one2seven GmbH having a registered place of
business at Hagenholzstrasse 81a, 8050 Zürich, Switzerland, and trading
as omega-ml and omegaml.io (the “Supplier”) (collectively, the “Parties”
and, each individually, a “Party”). The EULA governs User’s acquisition
and use of the software product omega-ml and the related services
provided by the Supplier (collectively, the “Software”). The Software
can be accessed directly through the Supplier’s website <omegaml.io> or
indirectly through the download locations designated by the Supplier or
operated by resellers and distributors authorized by the Supplier.

**Please read this EULA carefully before accessing, installing, and
otherwise using the Software because it contains important information
about your license to use the Software, warranty information, and
liability disclaimers.**

**1. About the Software**

1.1 The Software is intended to be used in the field of data science
and, specifically, for Machine Learning Operations, abbreviated MLOps
(the “Purpose”). Unless specified otherwise by the Supplier, the
Software is developed solely by the Supplier and the Supplier holds all
ownership rights, including intellectual property rights, to the
Software.

1.2 The Software may include: (i) materials originally provided by the
Supplier to the User, including, but not limited to, source code,
documentation, templates, and binary or source files; and (ii)
open-source software licensed to the Supplier under terms other than the
EULA and/or licensed by a third party other than the Supplier, as
specified in Appendix A (collectively, the “Open-Source Software &
Materials”).

1.3 The Software may, in some component parts, be built by utilizing or
inter-operating with software belonging to third parties and licensed to
the Supplier (the “Third-Party Parts”). The Software may include the
concept, architecture, design, and code of utilizing and inter-operating
with the Third-Party Parts for the Purpose. While the Supplier may use
the Third-Party Parts to provide the Software to the User, the Software
does not include the Third-Party Parts. The Third-Party Parts are listed
in Appendix B.

**2. Acceptance of the EULA**

2.1 By clicking on the button “accept” or accessing, installing,
copying, and otherwise using the Software, you confirm that you have
read the EULA, accept the terms of the EULA, and agree to become legally
bound by it.

2.2 If you are entering into the EULA on behalf of a company or other
legal entity, you represent that you have the authority and the
necessary capacity to bind such entity and its affiliates to the terms
of the EULA.

2.3 If you do not have the authority specified in Section 2.3 above or
if you do not agree with one or more provisions of the EULA, you are not
allowed to access, install, or use the Software, and you must not accept
the EULA.

**3. Covered Software and services**

3.1 The EULA applies only to the Software provided to you by the
Supplier regardless of whether other software is referred to or
described herein. The EULA also applies to any updates, supplements,
Internet-based services, and support services related to the Software,
or any other services provided in relation to the Software, unless other
terms and conditions accompany those items on delivery. If so, those
terms and conditions shall apply.

3.2 If you register for a free trial of the Software, this EULA will
also govern your use of the free trial of the Software.

3.3 Any Open-Source Software & Materials, Third-Party Parts, their
related services, or third-party software and services are not covered
by this EULA. The use of the Open-Source Software & Materials and
Third-Party Parts, or any source code bundled with the Software that is
not owned by the Supplier may be subject to the respective third-party
license terms, irrespective of how the Software was provided to the User
by the Supplier.

3.4 The Supplier reserves the right, but is not under any obligation, to
provide updates with regard to the Software, including the possibility
to download new versions of the Software.

3.5 The Supplier is under no obligation to provide technical support
services with regard to the Software or your particular use of the
Software, unless you purchase a support offering that includes such
services on a yearly basis. The license subscription entitles you to
support services provided by the Supplier for a fee, on a time &
material basis, as indicated in your chosen pricing plan.

**4. Fees and Audit**

4.1 Upon downloading, installing or using the Software, independent of
the source or installation location of the Software and independent of
the place of delivery of other services provided by the Supplier, the
User shall be required to pay all respective license (subscription) and
services (support) fees indicated in the pricing plan the User has
selected (collectively, the “Fees”).

4.2 Unless stated otherwise in an invoice issued to the User by the
Supplier, the payment of the Fees is due within 10 calendar days of the
date of the invoice and the Fees are to be paid as per the instructions
included in the invoice.

4.3 With or without a prior written notice to the User, the Supplier may
audit User’s use of the Software to ensure that the User complies with
the terms of the EULA. The User agrees to keep records on the use of the
Software, and, upon request of the Supplier, to provide valid, accurate
and up-to-date records to any audit conducted by the Supplier within 7
calendar days of Supplier’s request. If an audit reveals that the User
has underpaid the Fees to the Supplier, the User shall be invoiced for
the underpaid Fees based upon Supplier’s price list in effect at the
time the audit is completed. The User shall pay the Supplier an
additional fee of 25% of the applicable unpaid Fees disclosed by the
audit. If the underpaid Fees exceed 5% of the Fees previously paid by
the User, the User shall also pay Supplier’s reasonable costs of
conducting the audit.

**5. Grant of the License**

5.1 The Supplier hereby grants the User a personal, non-transferable,
non-exclusive, revocable license to use the Software on any Devices (as
defined in Section 5.5) chosen by the User and in accordance with the
terms of this EULA (the “License”). The Software is licensed and not
sold.

5.2 The Software is licensed as a single product. Its component parts
may not be used separately.

5.3 The Supplier reserves any rights not expressly granted to the User
under this EULA.

5.4 The License is valid for the period of time for which the User has
access to the Software and the access to the Software is made available
by the Supplier, unless the License is terminated pursuant to this EULA.

5.5 The User is permitted to load and run the Software on any device,
network or cloud VMs under User’s control (collectively, the “Devices”).
The User is solely responsible for assessing the compatibility of the
Devices and ensuring that the Devices meet the minimum requirements for
the use of the Software as set forth in the documentation provided by
the Supplier.

5.6 It is User’s sole responsibility to verify and assess the
suitability, validity and integrity of the Software prior to using it
and to decide whether or not the Software fits for the intended use.

5.7 You are not permitted to:

a. Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change the whole
   or any part of the Software nor permit the whole or any part of the
   Software to be combined with or become incorporated wholly or in part
   into any other software, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse
   engineer the Software or attempt to do any such things, except as
   provided through respective APIs;

b. Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell, sublicense or otherwise use the
   Software for any purpose other than granted to you in this EULA;

c. Utilize the Open-Source Software & Materials and the Third-Party
   Parts in a way that violates third-party legal terms, rights, or the
   applicable laws;

d. Transfer your rights to the Software granted under the EULA;

e. Use the Software to provide a hosted or cloud services or remote or
   network-based access of the Software to a third party;

f. Use the Software in any way which breaches any applicable local,
   national or international laws;

g. Use the Software for any purpose that the Supplier may consider is a
   breach of the EULA; and

h. Use the Software to develop and produce products and technologies
   competing with the Software or other services provided by the
   Supplier.

5.8 Nothing in this EULA shall restrict, limit, or otherwise affect any
rights or obligations the User may have, or conditions the User may be
required to fulfill, under any applicable license terms regarding the
Open-Source Software & Materials, the Third-Party Parts, or any source
code bundled with the Software that is not owned by the Supplier. The
User is solely responsible for obtaining, agreeing to, and complying
with the respective terms and conditions at User’s own cost and expense.

**6. Intellectual property and ownership**

6.1 All title and copyright in and to the Software (including, but not
limited to, any source code, concepts, architecture, designs, images,
photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and applets,
incorporated into the Software, and excluding the Open-Source Software &
Materials and the Third-Party Parts) and any copies of the Software are
owned by the Supplier. The Software is protected by the copyright laws
of Switzerland and international treaty provisions.

6.2 The Supplier shall at all times retain the ownership of the Software
as originally downloaded by the User or provided by the Supplier,
including all subsequent downloads or provisions of the Software. The
Software (and all intellectual property rights of whatever nature in the
Software, including any modifications made thereto) are and shall remain
the sole property of Supplier.

6.3 The Supplier reserves the right to grant licenses to use the
Software to third parties.

6.4 The User is not permitted to, without obtaining prior written
authorization from the Supplier, to use the trade names, trademarks,
service marks or product names of the Supplier, except as required for
reasonable and customary use of the Software.

6.5 The Supplier has made all efforts possible to avoid the Software
being subject to the rights of third parties, in particular that its use
does not infringe copyrights or other intellectual property rights of
third parties. However, the Supplier does not guarantee that the
Software is not subject to the rights of third parties. The User shall
notify the Supplier immediately and in writing if any third party
asserts an infringement claim against the User in connection with the
Software.

6.6 The Third-Party Parts remain the sole property of the respective
Third-Party Parts’ suppliers (the “Third-Party Suppliers”). The User is
entitled to: (i) use the Third-Party Parts in accordance with the
Third-Party Suppliers’ license terms pertaining to the User’s use of the
Third-Party Parts; or (ii) purchase commercial support from the
Third-Party Suppliers. The User agrees not to use the Third-Party Parts
in a way that is not permitted by the Third-Party Suppliers.

**7. Your responsibilities**

7.1 The Supplier provides the Software to you as an Internet-hosted
service or as a downloadable asset for installation at your own
premises, in order to enable you to operate your storage and compute
capacities (collectively, the “Capacities”) and run the Software on the
Capacities. The Supplier does not store, possess, access, process,
manipulate or otherwise interact with the data or programs that you
process while using the Software.

7.2 It is your sole responsibility to plan for, acquire, allocate,
operate and maintain the Capacities obtained from third parties, which
are deemed viable by the Supplier, and in line with the requirements of
your data storage and processing needs, determined entirely by you.

7.3 The Supplier shall provide the electronic means or instructions
through the Software or otherwise for you to use the Capacities,
provided that the Capacities meet the requirements set forth in the
documentation provided by the Supplier (e.g., cloud tools, platform
APIs, hardware and software requirements).

7.4 It is your responsibility to ensure that you have the legitimate
rights and necessary authorization to store and process data through the
Software (the “Data”). The storage and processing activities carried by
you through the Software shall, in no event, constitute a transfer of
ownership, access rights, and any other responsibilities with regard to
the Data and the Capacities.

7.5 It is your responsibility to ensure the appropriate level of
security of the Data and your compliance with applicable laws, including
privacy and data protection laws, and industry regulations, whether
express or implied.

7.6 Unless otherwise stated in the applicable law, you will interact
with any respective governmental and non-governmental bodies that have
interest in the security and data privacy practices implemented by you,
and cover all expenses related thereto. The Supplier shall participate
in such interactions explicitly upon (i) your written request, (ii) an
order of an authorized governmental body, or (iii) a legal order. The
Supplier reserves the right to charge a fee according to the
then-applicable Fees and in-line with any requests for the said
interactions in relation with the Software.

**8. Limitation of liability and disclaimer of warranties**

8.1 To the extent permitted by the applicable law, the Supplier
expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, for the
Software, the Open-Source Software & Materials and the Third-Party
Parts. Unless agreed otherwise between the User and the Supplier in
writing, the Supplier provides the Software on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied,
including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the Software
remains with the User.

8.2 In no event shall the Supplier be liable for any damages whatsoever
(including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits,
business interruption, loss of business information, or any other
pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the
Software, even if the Supplier has been advised of the possibility of
such damages.

8.3 You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of
the Software and assume any risks associated with your exercise of
permissions under the EULA.

8.4 Third-party software or services, including the Capacities, are not
covered by this EULA and are not provided by the Supplier. You shall
ensure your compliance with any terms set forth by the respective third
parties at your risk, cost and expense.

8.5 The User acknowledges and agrees that the Supplier is not
responsible and bears no liability for the Open-Source Software &
Materials and the Third-Party Parts.

**9. Indemnification**

9.1 You shall indemnify the Supplier harmless at your expense if any
claims are asserted by a third party against the Supplier by reason of
your misconduct or breach of any terms of the EULA, including failed
adherence by you with any applicable laws, including, but not limited
to, consumer and data protection laws, whether express or implied.

**10. Termination**

10.1 The EULA enters into force on the date you click on the button
“accept” or first access or use the Software and shall continue until
terminated. You may terminate the EULA at any time upon a written
30-days prior notice to the Supplier.

10.2 Without prejudice to any other rights, the Supplier may terminate
the EULA immediately if you fail to comply with any terms of the EULA.

10.3 The EULA will automatically terminate upon your cessation to use
the Software and erasure of the Software from the Devices.

10.4 Upon termination of the EULA, the License granted to you under the
EULA will immediately terminate and you agree to (i) stop all access and
use of the Software and (ii) destroy all copies of the Software and all
its component parts.

10.5 The provisions of the EULA that, by their nature, continue and
survive will survive any termination of the EULA.

**11. Governing Law**

11.1 This EULA and any dispute arising out of or in connection with the
EULA and the Software shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of Switzerland. Unless otherwise provided by the
applicable law, all disputes arising out of or in connection with the
EULA will be resolved by means of arbitration at the premises of the
Supplier.

11.2 The exclusive place of jurisdiction is Zurich, Switzerland.

**12. Modifications**

12.1 The Supplier reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change
or modify this EULA at any time by posting an amended version of the
EULA on <omegaml.io> and by sending a prior notification to the User (if
the contact details of the User are available to the Supplier).

12.2 Any modifications to the EULA shall become effective on the date
indicated at the top of the amended EULA. By continuing to use the
Software after the date on which the modifications were communicated to
you, you agree to be bound by the modified EULA.

**13. Severability**

13.1 The unenforceability of any single provision of this EULA shall not
affect any other provision hereof. Where such a provision is held to be
unenforceable, the Supplier and the User shall use their best endeavors
to negotiate and agree upon an enforceable provision, which achieves, to
the greatest extent possible, the economic, legal and commercial
objectives of the unenforceable provision.

**14. Waiver**

14.1 A failure of either Party to strictly enforce a provision of this
EULA shall in no event be considered a waiver of any part of such
provision. No waiver by either Party of any breach or default by the
other Party shall operate as a waiver of any succeeding breach or other
default or breach by such other Party. No waiver shall have any effect
unless it is specific, irrevocable and in writing.

**15. Entire agreement**

15.1 This EULA constitutes the entire understanding between the Parties
with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersedes all prior
agreements, negotiations and discussions between the Parties relating
thereto.

**17. Contact**

17.1 Any questions about this EULA can be addressed and notices under
the EULA can be served to the Supplier by email at info@omegaml.io or by
post at:

   one2seven GmbH, Hagenholzstrasse 81a, 8050 Zürich, Switzerland

**18. Last amendment**

18.1 This EULA was last amended on 17 March, 2022.

**Appendix A– The Open-Source Software & Materials**

Current as listed at
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/omegaml/omegaml/master/THIRDPARTY.

The license of each open-source software is available at
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/omegaml/omegaml/master/THIRDPARTY-LICENSES.

**Appendix B – The Third-Party Parts**

The Software is built utilizing or inter-operating with software of
third-party as follows:

==================== =================== ======================
=======================================
**Third-Party Part** **Purpose**         **Applicable License** **Third-Party**
Kubernetes           Deployment          Apache 2.0             Google
Rancher              K8S Orchestration   Apache 2.0             Rancher Labs (SUSE)
MongoDB              Analytics storage   SSPL                   MongoDB Inc.
RabbitMQ             Task distribution   MPL                    Pivotal Software
PostgreSQL           Platform storage    PostgreSQL License     The PostgreSQL Global Development Group
Python               Python Distribution BSD (3)                conda-forge.org (NumFOCUS)
==================== =================== ======================
=======================================
.. vim: syntax=rst

===========
EULA_Q12022
===========

.. toctree::
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
    EULA_Q12022-E.rest
