#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.dev
#
-e file:///home/projects/django-tastypie-swagger
    # via -r requirements.dev
-e file:///home/projects/landingpage
    # via -r requirements.dev
-e file:///home/projects/omegaml-ce
    # via -r requirements.dev
-e file:///home/projects/stackable
    # via -r requirements.dev
-e file:///home/projects/tastypiex
    # via -r requirements.dev
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via omegaml
alembic==1.4.1
    # via jupyterhub
amqp==2.6.1
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restx
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via omegaml
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterhub-kubespawner
attrs==21.2.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
billiard==3.5.0.5
    # via celery
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
boto==2.49.0
    # via omegaml
brotli==1.0.9
    # via flask-compress
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
callable-pip==1.0.0
    # via omegaml
celery==4.2.1
    # via
    #   landingpage
    #   omegaml
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
certipy==0.1.3
    # via jupyterhub
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via flask
cron-descriptor==1.2.24
    # via omegaml
croniter==1.0.15
    # via omegaml
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   pyopenssl
dash==2.0.0
    # via
    #   dash-daq
    #   dashserve
    #   minibatch
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-daq==0.5.0
    # via dashserve
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
dashserve==0.1.7
    # via omegaml
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   python3-openid
dill==0.3.4
    # via
    #   dashserve
    #   minibatch
    #   omegaml
django==2.2
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-bootstrap3
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-organizations
    #   django-payments
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-post-office
    #   django-sekizai
    #   jsonfield
    #   landingpage
    #   tastypiex
django-allauth==0.42.0
    # via landingpage
django-anymail==2.0
    # via landingpage
django-autoslug-iplweb==1.9.4.dev0
    # via django-cities-light
django-bootstrap3==14.1.0
    # via landingpage
django-cities-light==3.6.0
    # via landingpage
django-classy-tags==2.0.0
    # via django-sekizai
django-constance==2.7.0
    # via landingpage
django-extensions==3.0.9
    # via landingpage
django-fernet-fields==0.6
    # via landingpage
django-grappelli==2.14.2
    # via landingpage
django-organizations==2.0.0
    # via landingpage
django-payments==0.15.0
    # via landingpage
django-permissions==1.2.2
    # via landingpage
django-picklefield==3.0.1
    # via landingpage
django-post-office==3.0.4
    # via landingpage
django-sekizai==2.0.0
    # via landingpage
django-tastypie==0.14.2
    # via
    #   landingpage
    #   tastypiex
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via minibatch
docopt==0.6.2
    # via omegaml
docutils==0.15
    # via tastypiex
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
    #   nbconvert
escapism==1.0.1
    # via jupyterhub-kubespawner
flask==1.1.4
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask-compress
    #   flask-restx
    #   minibatch
flask-compress==1.10.1
    # via dash
flask-restx==0.5.1
    # via omegaml
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via kubernetes
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
honcho==1.0.1
    # via omegaml
idna==2.10
    # via requests
imageio==2.6.1
    # via omegaml
importlib-metadata==1.7.0
    # via
    #   django-bootstrap3
    #   jsonschema
    #   kombu
    #   sqlalchemy
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
invoke==1.6.0
    # via landingpage
ipython==7.29.0
    # via ipython-sql
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipython-sql
    #   nbformat
ipython-sql==0.4.0
    # via omegaml
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterhub-kubespawner
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   omegaml
    #   scikit-learn
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   django-post-office
    #   landingpage
jsonschema==4.2.1
    # via
    #   flask-restx
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.0.6
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   omegaml
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterhub==1.0.0
    # via jupyterhub-kubespawner
jupyterhub-kubespawner==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.dev
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
kafka-python==1.4.7
    # via minibatch
kombu==4.6.11
    # via celery
kubernetes==19.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyterhub-kubespawner
    #   landingpage
mako==1.1.5
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via ipython
minibatch[all]==0.4.1
    # via omegaml
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mongoengine==0.23.1
    # via
    #   minibatch
    #   omegaml
nbclient==0.5.8
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via omegaml
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   omegaml
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
numexpr==2.7.3
    # via tables
numpy==1.18.5
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   numexpr
    #   omegaml
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tables
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   requests-oauthlib
ordered-set==4.0.2
    # via stackable
packaging==21.2
    # via bleach
paho-mqtt==1.5.0
    # via minibatch
pamela==1.0.0
    # via jupyterhub
pandas==1.1.5
    # via omegaml
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.4.0
    # via imageio
plotly==5.3.1
    # via dash
prettytable==0.7.2
    # via ipython-sql
progressbar2==3.55.0
    # via django-cities-light
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via jupyterhub
prompt-toolkit==3.0.22
    # via ipython
psutil==5.8.0
    # via omegaml
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pyaes==1.6.1
    # via stackable
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pymongo==3.12.1
    # via
    #   minibatch
    #   mongoengine
    #   omegaml
pyopenssl==19.0.0
    # via certipy
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrabbit2==1.0.7
    # via landingpage
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   croniter
    #   django-tastypie
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
    #   kubernetes
    #   pandas
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via alembic
python-mimeparse==1.6.0
    # via django-tastypie
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via jupyterhub-kubespawner
python-utils==2.5.6
    # via progressbar2
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-cities-light
    #   flask-restx
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyterhub-kubespawner
    #   kubernetes
    #   landingpage
    #   omegaml
    #   stackable
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via jupyter-client
requests==2.25.0
    # via
    #   dashserve
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-payments
    #   jupyterhub
    #   kubernetes
    #   landingpage
    #   omegaml
    #   pyrabbit2
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   stripe
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   kubernetes
    #   landingpage
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.1
    # via omegaml
scipy==1.7.2
    # via
    #   omegaml
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   bleach
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-cities-light
    #   django-organizations
    #   flask-restx
    #   google-auth
    #   ipython-sql
    #   kubernetes
    #   landingpage
    #   omegaml
    #   plotly
    #   progressbar2
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-utils
    #   stackable
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via omegaml
sqlalchemy==1.4.27
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   ipython-sql
    #   jupyterhub
    #   omegaml
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   ipython-sql
stripe==2.62.0
    # via landingpage
tables==3.6.1
    # via omegaml
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via omegaml
tee==0.0.3
    # via omegaml
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
tqdm==4.54.1
    # via omegaml
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyterhub
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
unidecode==1.3.2
    # via django-cities-light
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
vine==1.3.0
    # via amqp
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via kubernetes
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-restx
    #   omegaml
whitenoise==3.3.1
    # via landingpage
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
